Added PR examples to Pull Request Template (#820)
nsidc/earthaccess: .github/pull_request_template.md

      before getting started.
- [ ] Ensure an issue exists representing the problem being solved in this PR.
- [ ] Populate a descriptive title. For example, instead of "Updated README.md", use a

>       title such as "Add testing details to the contributor section of the README".[Click on this to see an example PR](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/pull/763#event-14296896566)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title such as "Add testing details to the contributor section of the README".
      Example PRs: [#763](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/pull/763)
```

- [ ] Populate the body of the pull request with:
    - A clear description of the change you are proposing.
    - Links to any issues resolved by this PR with text in the PR description, for
      example `closes #1`. See
      [GitHub docs - Linking a pull request to an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue).
- [ ] Update `CHANGELOG.md` with details about your change in a section titled
      `## Unreleased`. If such a section does not exist, please create one. Follow

>       [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org/) for your additions.[Click on this to see an example PR](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/pull/763#event-14296896566)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org/) for your additions.
      Example PRs: [#763](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/pull/763)
```
